feat: document ci metric checks (#6)
Paperspace/Docs: projects/gradientci.md

### Configure GradientCI Settings

To set up GradientCI, our continuous integration service, include a directory in your GitHub repository called `.ps_project` with a configuration file `config.yaml`.

> This file *must* exist on your default branch (typically `master`) in GitHub, we do not yet read the configuration from pull-requests or alternative branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file *must* exist on your default branch (typically `master`) in GitHub. We do not yet read the configuration from pull requests or alternative branches.
```

  count: 1
```

### Metrics Checks

> The gradient-ci service can help you from degrading your model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our GradientCI service can help you from degrading your model.
```

When we run an experiment based on a code change, we can check properties of the experiment and forward those results to GitHub.

> GitHub can uses these statuses to prevent pull requests that degrade your model from merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub uses these statuses to prevent pull requests that degrade your model from merging.
```

We will automatically report whether the experiment ran without error as the status `ci/gradient`.
You may configure additional checks for metrics that are generated by your experiment under the `checks` key in your `config.yaml`.

> Currently, we only support scalar metrics comming from tensorflow generated summaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, we only support scalar metrics coming from TensorFlow-generated summaries.
```

```yaml
# ...
checks:
  <identifier>:
    target: <range> #[required]
    aggregate: mean #[required]
    round: down #[ optional, default: down, up|down]
    precision: 2 #[ optional, default: 2]
    only-pulls: false #[ optional, default: false]
    if-not-found: failure #[ optional, default: "failure", success|failure]
    comment-on-pr: true #[optional, default: true]
  defaults:
    round: down #[ optional, default: down, up|down]
    precision: 2 #[ optional, default: 2]
    only-pulls: false #[ optional, default: false]
    if-not-found: failure #[ optional, default: "failure", success|failure]
    comment-on-pr: true #[optional, default: true]
```

### `<identifier>`s:

> * `<identifiers>` are split into two parts the source of the metric and the name of the metric, e.g. `tensorflow:loss`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<identifiers>` are split into two parts: 1. the source of the metric, and 2. the name of the metric, e.g. `tensorflow:loss`.
```

  * Currently the only supported source is `tensorflow:`

> * These `<identifiers>` are case *sensitive*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* These `<identifiers>` are case-*sensitive*
```

* “defaults”: reserved for defaults to set for the `<identifiers>`.

> Any of the above keys are valid with in this block and will set the default behavior for all other `<identifier>` blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any of the above keys are valid within this block and will set the default behavior for all other `<identifier>` blocks.
```
